Stuyvesant High School security guards found ersatz life-size dolls on the floor and in boxes and boxes of toys in the school's art room, according to police. The video shows children in white coats and bow ties carrying the dolls and pointing them to one another in a mock debate.

"Oh, I think you'll be disappointed," one of the dolls says.

The video is one of a series of videos showing kids in the classroom being filmed. Some of the clips have been viewed more than a million times on YouTube.

The school district said the video is not reflective of the school's values and it will investigate how the students learned about such items.

"While we are disappointed to learn of the video and the inappropriate activity on school property, we take this issue seriously and will continue to investigate all claims of inappropriate behavior," Principal Christopher Morley said in a statement.

Sgt. Victor Anderson said the video was taken by one of the school's surveillance cameras.

The video, which is still being investigated, was not immediately available.

Police said they have identified the students involved in the video, but they did not release their names.

"It's unfortunate that these children have been exposed to such inappropriate content in an environment that should be supportive and educational," Anderson said.

The video was shot at about 10 a.m. in a classroom classroom at Saugatuck High School, where police said no one was present.

The girls who were filming the video had taken their dolls to a toy store and returned to their school, according to police.

The school district said it does not condone this type of activity, and it is cooperating with authorities.

"These children have been deeply impacted by this video and our thoughts and prayers go out to their families," Superintendent Peter Rojas said in a statement.

If you have any information about the video or the students involved, call the school district at (716) 648-7000.

Copyright Associated Press
